1. Onboarding flow should not mention Scrivener in the comparison part.
2. When I selected creating a sample set of text it navigated to the home page and did not create it.
3. The notifications to introduce the features were in the top left on the home page and not within a manuscript. Those guided notifcations should highlight the features within the manuscript. The home page we should also have some but specific to the features there.
4. Didn't see a settings menu anywhere for api keys.
5. Are we working on guided learning for newer writers? One thought I had originally was when you go to create a manuscript theres an option for it to generate the structure of an outline using different prompts for the user to help them develop the structure and pacing using techniques inspired by authors like KM Weiland and others for story structure. I want to help writers outline and then build as well. From the outline we then generate a chapter structure.
6. Maxwell should then help flag when they should be implementing the different story structure points and explain them. for example if its the first line of the book Maxwell should be pushing them and reviewing it to draw readers in. It should flag if the inciting event hasn't happened when it should have etc. based on an average word count for the genre. The user should also select the genre and based on the genre the outline and story structure should be presented and explained to them.
7. We should think about on top of the outline having a brainstorming tool to help writers even come up with ideas, do some research first on techniques to brainstorm character and story ideas. Brandon Sanderson has publicly available writing and youtube videos on this.
8. I want it to be a full Creation Engine to help them build their whole world, characters, magic system while also being able to prompt for help brainstorming or filling in gaps, such as when outlining it gives a few different ideas for the different plot points based on what the writer has already established. This outline should be available for reference in the editor if they need to see it.
